
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               581257580970000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 200904                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1208128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   262596                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                 32955.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                            17637881581                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  6620808270                       # Number of Global instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8653884987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                581.257581                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                581257580970000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                         262409592                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.MyStats                        10948378145                       # This is a test, My Stats
system.cpu.NONPIM_InstNUM                  8653884986                       # Number of Insts executed in main cpu
system.cpu.PIM_AMratio                            nan                       # Overall Arithmetic to Memory access of all the instruction offloaded to PIM
system.cpu.PIM_ArthmNum                             0                       # Number of Arithmetic operations offloadedto the memory
system.cpu.PIM_Fraction                             0                       # The Fraction of offloaded instructionsin all the instructions executed
system.cpu.PIM_InstNUM                              0                       # Number of Insts Offloaded to PIM
system.cpu.PIM_LoadNum                              0                       # Number of Load Instructions offloadded to the memory
system.cpu.PIM_StoreNum                             0                       # Number of Store Instructions offloadded to the memory
system.cpu.committedInsts                  6620808270                       # Number of instructions committed in Simple CPU
system.cpu.committedOps                    8653884987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                  2884315423                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        387065                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                   590156835                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        256149                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  8915301428                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            43                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                     581257580970                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               581257580969.999023                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads           1311724045                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes          3474475252                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    262343551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2481                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2481                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 4685                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1958                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         622                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.000968                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            8653882916                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   8653882916                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads         19470397044                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         7866852677                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                  2884315412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                    3474472246                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  590156834                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   168      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                5113875067     59.09%     59.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                 65536087      0.76%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        63      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      32      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      374      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      156      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      196      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     412      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    186      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     59.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead               2884315296     33.33%     93.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               590156403      6.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 116      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                431      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                 8653884987                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests             0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 581257580970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq         11799616851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp        11799616851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq          590156835                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp         590156835                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache_port::system.mem_ctrl.port  17830602856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache_port::total  17830602856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache_port::system.mem_ctrl.port   6948944516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache_port::total   6948944516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total            24779547372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache_port::system.mem_ctrl.port  71322411424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache_port::total  71322411424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache_port::system.mem_ctrl.port  18617031853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache_port::total  18617031853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total             89939443277                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples       12389773686                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0             12389773686    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total         12389773686                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy        12979930521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       6832695061000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy       20207138473000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 581257580970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst     71322411424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data     15469963348                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total         86792374772                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst  71322411424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total    71322411424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.cpu.data   3147068505                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total       3147068505                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst       8915301428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data       2884315423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total          11799616851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.cpu.data       590156835                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total           590156835                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          122703624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26614644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              149318267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     122703624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         122703624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.cpu.data           5414241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5414241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         122703624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32028884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             154732508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples 8915301428.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples 1414031271.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.045327969000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds       2190818                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds       2190818                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState          21325730660                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState            32920039                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                  11799616851                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                   590156835                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                11799616851                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                 590156835                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ              1505366282                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts              555074705                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0         8935758925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1           42240203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2          140417588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3           75393022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4           20480517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5           20480769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6           20480626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7           20480909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8           20480026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9           20483948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10          20481455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11          20480373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12          20482239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13          20480510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14         875143654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15          20485805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0            1565152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1            1590820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2            2898668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3            8461687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4            1544261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5            1539511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6            1536512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7            1537510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8            1540844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9            1540849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10           1541179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11           1545179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12           1540983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13           1550849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14           3522356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15           1625738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                  34061804162250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                51471252845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             227079002331000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       3308.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22058.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                9332661947                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                 32808728                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 93.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                    411                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                     34                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2             1901139233                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3             9898477173                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                   135                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                    19                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2             393546279                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3             196610402                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0              10294250558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   14506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   14506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                 2190819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                 2190818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples    963861986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     685.863015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    468.520466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    403.175086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127     174261643     18.08%     18.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255     79438040      8.24%     26.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383     34511245      3.58%     29.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511     35535789      3.69%     33.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639     43740612      4.54%     38.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767     19157282      1.99%     40.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895     62070803      6.44%     46.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023      2987861      0.31%     46.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151    512158711     53.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total     963861986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples      2190818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     4698.812423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    4571.792444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1067.011331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              1      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            2      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            3      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            5      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327       322638     14.73%     14.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583       217059      9.91%     24.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839       106583      4.86%     29.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095       433641     19.79%     49.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351          499      0.02%     49.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607        10423      0.48%     49.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863         7003      0.32%     50.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119         4750      0.22%     50.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375        63998      2.92%     53.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631        55257      2.52%     55.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887       797273     36.39%     92.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143       127999      5.84%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399        41000      1.87%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655         1001      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911         1669      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total        2190818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples      2190818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.013242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.012482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.162197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16           2176313     99.34%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             14505      0.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total        2190818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM            658832036416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ              96343442048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten               2245254272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys              86792374772                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys            3147068505                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                       1133.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     149.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      8.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   581257580844000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46914.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst  71322411424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data   9448496026                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.cpu.data    239490143                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 122703623.589695781469                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16255265.024212487042                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.cpu.data 412020.678681454679                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst   8915301428                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data   2884315423                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu.data    590156835                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst 191678774631000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 35400227700000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu.data 14512941791222500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     21499.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     12273.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu.data  24591669.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy          1423379177640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy          756543959490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy         7272218591400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy         75209639940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      45883982352000.007812                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy      253504444412400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy      9725484218880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy        318641262351750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         548.192871                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 23041701398500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF 19409468000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 538806411571500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy          5458595445240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy          2901312277380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy         66228730471260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy        107918911620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      45883982352000.007812                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy      258486436076040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy      5530122817920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy        384597098351460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         661.663798                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 8943360735500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 19409468000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 552904752234500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                   1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    581257580970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_0.TargetPC         4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_0.BranchPC         4505568                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_0.iterNum                1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_0.ArthmNum             349                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_0.LoadNum               44                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_0.StoreNum               9                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           6.584906                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_1.TargetPC         4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_1.BranchPC         4505816                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_1.iterNum                1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_1.ArthmNum             373                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_1.LoadNum               49                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_1.StoreNum              14                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.920635                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_2.TargetPC         4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_2.BranchPC         4505310                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_2.iterNum                6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_2.ArthmNum             185                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_2.LoadNum               20                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_2.StoreNum               0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           9.250000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_3.TargetPC         4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_3.BranchPC         4505780                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_3.iterNum                1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_3.ArthmNum             328                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_3.LoadNum               43                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_3.StoreNum              14                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.754386                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_4.TargetPC         4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_4.BranchPC         4506052                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_4.iterNum                1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_4.ArthmNum             384                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_4.LoadNum               54                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_4.StoreNum              16                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.485714                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_5.TargetPC         4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_5.BranchPC         4506019                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_5.iterNum                1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_5.ArthmNum             346                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_5.LoadNum               49                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_5.StoreNum              16                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.323077                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_6.TargetPC         4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_6.BranchPC         4505985                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_6.iterNum                1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_6.ArthmNum             270                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_6.LoadNum               40                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_6.StoreNum              16                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.821429                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_7.TargetPC         4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_7.BranchPC         4505953                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_7.iterNum                1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_7.ArthmNum             248                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_7.LoadNum               37                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_7.StoreNum              16                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.679245                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_8.TargetPC         4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_8.BranchPC         4505920                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_8.iterNum                1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_8.ArthmNum             226                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_8.LoadNum               34                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_8.StoreNum              16                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.520000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_9.TargetPC         4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_9.BranchPC         4505888                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_9.iterNum                1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_9.ArthmNum             204                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_9.LoadNum               31                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_9.StoreNum              16                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.340426                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_10.TargetPC        4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_10.BranchPC        4505704                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_10.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_10.ArthmNum            163                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_10.LoadNum              26                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_10.StoreNum             10                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.527778                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_11.TargetPC        4505256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_11.BranchPC        4505643                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_11.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_11.ArthmNum            142                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_11.LoadNum              23                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_11.StoreNum              9                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.437500                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_12.TargetPC        4505312                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_12.BranchPC        4505862                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_12.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_12.ArthmNum            113                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_12.LoadNum              20                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_12.StoreNum              9                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.896552                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_13.TargetPC        4505321                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_13.BranchPC        4506073                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_13.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_13.ArthmNum            109                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_13.LoadNum              20                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_13.StoreNum              9                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.758621                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_14.TargetPC        4199126                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_14.BranchPC        4199670                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_14.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_14.ArthmNum            661                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_14.LoadNum              95                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_14.StoreNum             71                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.981928                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_15.TargetPC        4199345                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_15.BranchPC        4199375                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_15.iterNum              23                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_15.ArthmNum            391                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_15.LoadNum              69                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_15.StoreNum             46                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.400000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_16.TargetPC        4201016                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_16.BranchPC        4201028                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_16.iterNum               3                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_16.ArthmNum             27                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_16.LoadNum               3                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_16.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                                  9                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_17.TargetPC        4511547                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_17.BranchPC        4511628                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_17.iterNum               2                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_17.ArthmNum             60                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_17.LoadNum               4                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_17.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                                 15                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_18.TargetPC        4511630                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_18.BranchPC        4511645                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_18.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_18.ArthmNum             14                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_18.LoadNum               4                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_18.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.500000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_19.TargetPC        4199416                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_19.BranchPC        4200110                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_19.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_19.ArthmNum             93                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_19.LoadNum              16                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_19.StoreNum             11                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.444444                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_20.TargetPC        4511816                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_20.BranchPC        4511896                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_20.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_20.ArthmNum             31                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_20.LoadNum               3                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_20.StoreNum              5                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.875000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_21.TargetPC        4716680                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_21.BranchPC        4716703                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_21.iterNum               5                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_21.ArthmNum             53                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_21.LoadNum               5                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_21.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                          10.600000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_22.TargetPC        4321568                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_22.BranchPC        4323635                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_22.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_22.ArthmNum           1315                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_22.LoadNum             120                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_22.StoreNum             46                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           7.921687                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_23.TargetPC        4299952                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_23.BranchPC        4300069                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_23.iterNum              30                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_23.ArthmNum           1530                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_23.LoadNum               0                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_23.StoreNum            240                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           6.375000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_24.TargetPC        4321613                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_24.BranchPC        4322039                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_24.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_24.ArthmNum            103                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_24.LoadNum              11                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_24.StoreNum              3                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           7.357143                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_25.TargetPC        4321634                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_25.BranchPC        4321891                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_25.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_25.ArthmNum             46                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_25.LoadNum               3                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_25.StoreNum              1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                          11.500000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_26.TargetPC        4312268                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_26.BranchPC        4313141                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_26.iterNum               5                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_26.ArthmNum            745                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_26.LoadNum              83                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_26.StoreNum            135                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.417431                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_27.TargetPC        4312318                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_27.BranchPC        4313881                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_27.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_27.ArthmNum            949                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_27.LoadNum             106                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_27.StoreNum            120                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.199115                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_28.TargetPC        4313271                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_28.BranchPC        4314307                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_28.iterNum              16                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_28.ArthmNum            488                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_28.LoadNum              54                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_28.StoreNum              6                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           8.133333                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_29.TargetPC        4310395                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_29.BranchPC        4310610                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_29.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_29.ArthmNum             37                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_29.LoadNum               5                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_29.StoreNum              3                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.625000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_30.TargetPC        4310464                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_30.BranchPC        4311287                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_30.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_30.ArthmNum             68                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_30.LoadNum               5                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_30.StoreNum              6                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           6.181818                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_31.TargetPC        4311027                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_31.BranchPC        4311419                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_31.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_31.ArthmNum             38                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_31.LoadNum               3                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_31.StoreNum              5                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.750000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_32.TargetPC        4311124                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_32.BranchPC        4311549                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_32.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_32.ArthmNum             14                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_32.LoadNum               0                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_32.StoreNum              3                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.666667                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_33.TargetPC        4309822                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_33.BranchPC        4311158                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_33.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_33.ArthmNum            546                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_33.LoadNum              88                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_33.StoreNum             40                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.265625                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_34.TargetPC        4312050                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_34.BranchPC        4315096                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_34.iterNum               7                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_34.ArthmNum           2820                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_34.LoadNum             324                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_34.StoreNum            274                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.715719                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_35.TargetPC        4321690                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_35.BranchPC        4321979                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_35.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_35.ArthmNum             30                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_35.LoadNum               2                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_35.StoreNum              1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                                 10                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_36.TargetPC        4314949                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_36.BranchPC        4315322                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_36.iterNum               9                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_36.ArthmNum            346                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_36.LoadNum              29                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_36.StoreNum             30                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.864407                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_37.TargetPC        4312050                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_37.BranchPC        4314961                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_37.iterNum               9                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_37.ArthmNum           2516                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_37.LoadNum             291                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_37.StoreNum            252                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.633517                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_38.TargetPC        4254486                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_38.BranchPC        4254530                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_38.iterNum               7                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_38.ArthmNum            222                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_38.LoadNum              55                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_38.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.036364                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_39.TargetPC        4486115                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_39.BranchPC        4486141                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_39.iterNum              16                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_39.ArthmNum            176                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_39.LoadNum               0                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_39.StoreNum            128                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           1.375000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_40.TargetPC        4335178                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_40.BranchPC        4335893                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_40.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_40.ArthmNum             18                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_40.LoadNum               5                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_40.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.600000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_41.TargetPC        4699619                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_41.BranchPC        4699946                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_41.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_41.ArthmNum             59                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_41.LoadNum               8                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_41.StoreNum              8                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.687500                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_42.TargetPC        4699750                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_42.BranchPC        4700151                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_42.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_42.ArthmNum             32                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_42.LoadNum               7                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_42.StoreNum              3                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.200000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_43.TargetPC        4506493                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_43.BranchPC        4507982                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_43.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_43.ArthmNum            354                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_43.LoadNum              38                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_43.StoreNum             23                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.803279                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_44.TargetPC        4506654                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_44.BranchPC        4508102                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_44.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_44.ArthmNum            338                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_44.LoadNum              36                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_44.StoreNum             23                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.728814                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_45.TargetPC        4506698                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_45.BranchPC        4508195                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_45.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_45.ArthmNum            363                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_45.LoadNum              35                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_45.StoreNum             23                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           6.258621                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_46.TargetPC        4506742                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_46.BranchPC        4508172                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_46.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_46.ArthmNum            350                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_46.LoadNum              34                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_46.StoreNum             23                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           6.140351                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_47.TargetPC        4506786                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_47.BranchPC        4508152                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_47.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_47.ArthmNum            338                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_47.LoadNum              33                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_47.StoreNum             23                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           6.035714                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_48.TargetPC        4506830                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_48.BranchPC        4508135                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_48.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_48.ArthmNum            327                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_48.LoadNum              32                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_48.StoreNum             23                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.945455                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_49.TargetPC        4506880                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_49.BranchPC        4508121                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_49.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_49.ArthmNum            317                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_49.LoadNum              31                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_49.StoreNum             23                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.870370                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_50.TargetPC        4506930                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_50.BranchPC        4508110                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_50.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_50.ArthmNum            308                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_50.LoadNum              30                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_50.StoreNum             23                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.811321                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_51.TargetPC        4707368                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_51.BranchPC        4707401                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_51.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_51.ArthmNum             14                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_51.LoadNum               0                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_51.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                                inf                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_52.TargetPC        4707694                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_52.BranchPC        4708006                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_52.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_52.ArthmNum             48                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_52.LoadNum               8                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_52.StoreNum              4                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                                  4                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_53.TargetPC        4323163                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_53.BranchPC        4323419                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_53.iterNum              13                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_53.ArthmNum            731                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_53.LoadNum              52                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_53.StoreNum             13                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                          11.246154                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_54.TargetPC        4323222                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_54.BranchPC        4323499                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_54.iterNum               3                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_54.ArthmNum            474                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_54.LoadNum              28                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_54.StoreNum             13                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                          11.560976                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_55.TargetPC        4687902                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_55.BranchPC        4688004                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_55.iterNum               3                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_55.ArthmNum             97                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_55.LoadNum              11                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_55.StoreNum             15                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.730769                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_56.TargetPC        4507480                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_56.BranchPC        4507784                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_56.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_56.ArthmNum             28                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_56.LoadNum               2                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_56.StoreNum              1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           9.333333                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_57.TargetPC        4507552                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_57.BranchPC        4507923                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_57.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_57.ArthmNum             98                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_57.LoadNum               8                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_57.StoreNum              1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                          10.888889                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_58.TargetPC        4507872                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_58.BranchPC        4507895                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_58.iterNum               4                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_58.ArthmNum             45                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_58.LoadNum               4                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_58.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                          11.250000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_59.TargetPC        4255458                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_59.BranchPC        4255532                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_59.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_59.ArthmNum             18                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_59.LoadNum               4                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_59.StoreNum              2                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                                  3                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_60.TargetPC        4780352                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_60.BranchPC        4780564                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_60.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_60.ArthmNum             31                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_60.LoadNum               4                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_60.StoreNum              8                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           2.583333                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_61.TargetPC        4197056                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_61.BranchPC        4197214                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_61.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_61.ArthmNum             55                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_61.LoadNum               5                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_61.StoreNum              5                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.500000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_62.TargetPC        4201648                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_62.BranchPC        4201667                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_62.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_62.ArthmNum             11                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_62.LoadNum               1                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_62.StoreNum              1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.500000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_63.TargetPC        4195950                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_63.BranchPC        4196022                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_63.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_63.ArthmNum             69                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_63.LoadNum               9                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_63.StoreNum              1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           6.900000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_64.TargetPC        4503202                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_64.BranchPC        4503274                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_64.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_64.ArthmNum             13                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_64.LoadNum               2                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_64.StoreNum              3                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           2.600000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_65.TargetPC        4312256                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_65.BranchPC        4313981                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_65.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_65.ArthmNum            725                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_65.LoadNum             100                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_65.StoreNum             65                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.393939                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_66.TargetPC        4496426                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_66.BranchPC        4496515                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_66.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_66.ArthmNum            208                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_66.LoadNum              42                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_66.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.952381                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_67.TargetPC        4309979                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_67.BranchPC        4311687                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_67.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_67.ArthmNum            556                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_67.LoadNum              78                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_67.StoreNum             41                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.672269                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_68.TargetPC        4197288                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_68.BranchPC        4197354                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_68.iterNum        65536000                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_68.ArthmNum     1507328000                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_68.LoadNum       524288000                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_68.StoreNum      196608000                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           2.090909                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_69.TargetPC        4584670                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_69.BranchPC        4585253                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_69.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_69.ArthmNum           1423                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_69.LoadNum             148                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_69.StoreNum            246                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.611675                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_70.TargetPC        4584436                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_70.BranchPC        4584758                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_70.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_70.ArthmNum            648                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_70.LoadNum             130                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_70.StoreNum             33                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.975460                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_71.TargetPC        4649203                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_71.BranchPC        4649358                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_71.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_71.ArthmNum             52                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_71.LoadNum               7                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_71.StoreNum              2                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.777778                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_72.TargetPC        4649220                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_72.BranchPC        4649309                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_72.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_72.ArthmNum             41                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_72.LoadNum               6                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_72.StoreNum              2                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.125000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_73.TargetPC        4286962                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_73.BranchPC        4287020                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_73.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_73.ArthmNum             12                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_73.LoadNum               4                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_73.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                                  3                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_74.TargetPC        4281421                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_74.BranchPC        4281722                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_74.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_74.ArthmNum            135                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_74.LoadNum              24                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_74.StoreNum              7                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.354839                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_75.TargetPC        4277984                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_75.BranchPC        4281526                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_75.iterNum               7                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_75.ArthmNum           1384                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_75.LoadNum             196                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_75.StoreNum            131                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.232416                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_76.TargetPC        4287236                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_76.BranchPC        4287320                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_76.iterNum               8                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_76.ArthmNum            242                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_76.LoadNum              35                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_76.StoreNum              7                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.761905                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_77.TargetPC        4275571                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_77.BranchPC        4275721                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_77.iterNum               1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_77.ArthmNum           1224                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_77.LoadNum             290                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_77.StoreNum              6                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.135135                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_78.TargetPC        4586561                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_78.BranchPC        4593525                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_78.iterNum              13                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_78.ArthmNum           3519                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_78.LoadNum             620                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_78.StoreNum            207                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.255139                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_79.TargetPC        4586623                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_79.BranchPC        4591211                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_79.iterNum              16                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_79.ArthmNum           2457                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_79.LoadNum             492                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_79.StoreNum            146                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.851097                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_80.TargetPC        4736320                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_80.BranchPC        4736357                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_80.iterNum              67                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_80.ArthmNum           1230                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_80.LoadNum              82                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_80.StoreNum             82                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           7.500000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_81.TargetPC        4589978                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_81.BranchPC        4591611                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_81.iterNum              16                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_81.ArthmNum           1753                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_81.LoadNum             284                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_81.StoreNum             62                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.066474                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_82.TargetPC        4590041                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_82.BranchPC        4591388                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_82.iterNum              16                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_82.ArthmNum           1216                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_82.LoadNum             175                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_82.StoreNum             47                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.477477                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_83.TargetPC        4590092                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_83.BranchPC        4591693                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_83.iterNum              16                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_83.ArthmNum           1537                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_83.LoadNum             249                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_83.StoreNum             62                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.942122                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_84.TargetPC        4275776                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_84.BranchPC        4275792                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_84.iterNum             101                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_84.ArthmNum            938                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_84.LoadNum             101                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_84.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           9.287129                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_85.TargetPC        4275526                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_85.BranchPC        4275794                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_85.iterNum              30                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_85.ArthmNum           3830                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_85.LoadNum             447                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_85.StoreNum             78                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           7.295238                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_86.TargetPC        4587464                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_86.BranchPC        4590315                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_86.iterNum              16                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_86.ArthmNum           1145                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_86.LoadNum             208                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_86.StoreNum             33                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.751037                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_87.TargetPC        4585704                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_87.BranchPC        4587471                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_87.iterNum              16                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_87.ArthmNum           2377                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_87.LoadNum             425                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_87.StoreNum            235                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.601515                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_88.TargetPC        4275529                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_88.BranchPC        4276158                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_88.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_88.ArthmNum           3862                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_88.LoadNum             438                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_88.StoreNum             76                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           7.513619                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_89.TargetPC        4273544                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_89.BranchPC        4273582                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_89.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_89.ArthmNum            120                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_89.LoadNum              10                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_89.StoreNum              6                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           7.500000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_90.TargetPC        4273611                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_90.BranchPC        4273654                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_90.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_90.ArthmNum            142                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_90.LoadNum              36                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_90.StoreNum              0                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.944444                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_91.TargetPC        4278219                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_91.BranchPC        4278278                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_91.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_91.ArthmNum            189                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_91.LoadNum              47                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_91.StoreNum              6                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.566038                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_92.TargetPC        4275571                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_92.BranchPC        4275697                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_92.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_92.ArthmNum           1109                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_92.LoadNum             272                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_92.StoreNum              5                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.003610                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_93.TargetPC        4584520                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_93.BranchPC        4585905                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_93.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_93.ArthmNum           2700                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_93.LoadNum             374                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_93.StoreNum            338                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.792135                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_94.TargetPC        4584546                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_94.BranchPC        4585218                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_94.iterNum               6                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_94.ArthmNum           1503                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_94.LoadNum             189                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_94.StoreNum            215                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.720297                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_95.TargetPC        4197387                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_95.BranchPC        4197471                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_95.iterNum        65536000                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_95.ArthmNum     1900544000                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_95.LoadNum       655360000                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_95.StoreNum      131072000                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           2.416667                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_96.TargetPC        4197524                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_96.BranchPC        4197590                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_96.iterNum            1024                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_96.ArthmNum          23552                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_96.LoadNum            8192                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_96.StoreNum           3072                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           2.090909                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_97.TargetPC        4584340                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_97.BranchPC        4584595                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_97.iterNum               5                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_97.ArthmNum            553                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_97.LoadNum              95                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_97.StoreNum             45                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.950000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_98.TargetPC        4584933                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_98.BranchPC        4585899                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_98.iterNum              10                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_98.ArthmNum           1780                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_98.LoadNum             220                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_98.StoreNum            270                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.632653                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_99.TargetPC        4197628                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_99.BranchPC        4197759                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_99.iterNum           64000                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_99.ArthmNum     2425984000                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_99.LoadNum       852160000                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_99.StoreNum      131200000                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           2.467035                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_100.TargetPC       4197637                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_100.BranchPC       4197746                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_100.iterNum       65536000                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_100.ArthmNum    2228415997                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_100.LoadNum      852031999                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_100.StoreNum     131072000                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           2.266714                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_101.TargetPC       4197816                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_101.BranchPC       4197882                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_101.iterNum          65536                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_101.ArthmNum       1507328                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_101.LoadNum         524288                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_101.StoreNum        196608                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           2.090909                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_102.TargetPC       4197920                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_102.BranchPC       4198051                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_102.iterNum           1000                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_102.ArthmNum    2424850000                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_102.LoadNum      851971000                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_102.StoreNum     131074000                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           2.466672                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_103.TargetPC       4197929                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_103.BranchPC       4198038                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_103.iterNum       65536000                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_103.ArthmNum    2228226997                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_103.LoadNum      851968999                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_103.StoreNum     131072000                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           2.266667                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_104.TargetPC       4586523                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_104.BranchPC       4588873                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_104.iterNum              3                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_104.ArthmNum           834                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_104.LoadNum            161                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_104.StoreNum            77                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.504202                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_105.TargetPC       4254736                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_105.BranchPC       4254950                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_105.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_105.ArthmNum            34                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_105.LoadNum              4                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_105.StoreNum             1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           6.800000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_106.TargetPC       4201736                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_106.BranchPC       4201748                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_106.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_106.ArthmNum             9                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_106.LoadNum              1                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_106.StoreNum             1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.500000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_107.TargetPC       4780832                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_107.BranchPC       4781120                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_107.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_107.ArthmNum            60                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_107.LoadNum              8                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_107.StoreNum             4                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                                  5                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_108.TargetPC       4780993                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_108.BranchPC       4781114                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_108.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_108.ArthmNum            19                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_108.LoadNum              5                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_108.StoreNum             1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.166667                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_109.TargetPC       4254777                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_109.BranchPC       4255017                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_109.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_109.ArthmNum            29                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_109.LoadNum              4                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_109.StoreNum             1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           5.800000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_110.TargetPC       4254656                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_110.BranchPC       4255098                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_110.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_110.ArthmNum            26                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_110.LoadNum              3                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_110.StoreNum             1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           6.500000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_111.TargetPC       4282767                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_111.BranchPC       4283844                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_111.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_111.ArthmNum           420                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_111.LoadNum             63                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_111.StoreNum            32                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.421053                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_112.TargetPC       4282968                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_112.BranchPC       4283015                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_112.iterNum              3                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_112.ArthmNum            50                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_112.LoadNum              9                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_112.StoreNum             5                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.571429                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_113.TargetPC       4283147                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_113.BranchPC       4283812                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_113.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_113.ArthmNum           265                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_113.LoadNum             42                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_113.StoreNum            18                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.416667                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_114.TargetPC       4283280                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_114.BranchPC       4283308                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_114.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_114.ArthmNum            27                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_114.LoadNum              5                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_114.StoreNum             3                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.375000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_115.TargetPC       4283394                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_115.BranchPC       4283915                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_115.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_115.ArthmNum           145                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_115.LoadNum             23                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_115.StoreNum            11                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.264706                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_116.TargetPC       4283407                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_116.BranchPC       4283783                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_116.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_116.ArthmNum           119                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_116.LoadNum             19                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_116.StoreNum             7                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.576923                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_117.TargetPC       4288335                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_117.BranchPC       4288441                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_117.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_117.ArthmNum            30                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_117.LoadNum              5                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_117.StoreNum             6                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           2.727273                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_118.TargetPC       4283280                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_118.BranchPC       4283566                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_118.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_118.ArthmNum            25                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_118.LoadNum              4                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_118.StoreNum             2                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           4.166667                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_119.TargetPC       4283280                       # The Start Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_119.BranchPC       4283318                       # The End Point of the Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_119.iterNum              1                       # The number of iterations of this Loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_119.ArthmNum             7                       # The number of Arithmetic operations within the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_119.LoadNum              1                       # The number of Load in the loop
system.cpu.system.cpu.loop_119.StoreNum             1                       # The number of Store in the loop
system.cpu.AMratio                           3.500000                       # Arithmetic Memory Ratio
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 581257580970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 581257580970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
